Hosted launch: Overview and architecture updates (#2308)
astronomer/docs: astro/astro-architecture.md

description: Astro uses a multi-plane structure to help make Airflow more secure and reliable. Learn how the control plane and data plane work together on the cloud.
---

> Astro Hosted is a managed service for data orchestration that is built for the cloud and powered by Apache Airflow. Your Airflow environments are hosted and managed entirely by Astronomer, enabling you to shift your focus from infrastructure to data. 

Reviewer: I'd prob slightly re work this doc to:

- Say what Astro is (value)
- Then a section on how you can run it 
- Acknowledge default of Hosted but put it against Hybrid
- Still have those Hybrid docs links

Know the intent is to go in on Hosted, but Having a hard time imagining how we avoid this direct comparison w Hybrid? Eso if both on pricing page

Astro Hosted consists of three core components for managing Airflow, all hosted on Astronomer's cloud:

- The _Astro control plane_ is Astronomer's interface for managing your Airflow environments in the cloud. It includes the Cloud UI, the Astro CLI, and Cloud API.

> - _Astro clusters_ are dedicated Kubernetes clusters that can run multiple Airflow environments.

Author: ```suggestion
- An _Astro cluster_ is a dedicated Kubernetes cluster that can run multiple Airflow environments.
```
